Link eMMC boot slots with parent slots (#1750)
rauc/rauc: docs/advanced.rst

    `important register cache fix
    <https://lore.kernel.org/all/20180308140811.6966-1-bst@pengutronix.de/>`_.

.. _sec-emmc-boot-linked:

Link eMMC boot partitions with system slots
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

.. note:: This feature requires support from the bootloader.
   Currently, this is the case for `barebox`.

This feature allows eMMC boot partitions to be set up as part of the A/B layout.
They can be linked with system slots to avoid incompatibilities between
the bootloader and the operating system.

Each of the two eMMC boot partitions must be described as a slot of type ``emmc-boot-linked``.
The boot slots need to be :ref:`grouped <sec-grouping-slots>` with their
corresponding system slots.

When this mechanism is used, RAUC will not switch the eMMC boot partitions
itself (like the :ref:`default mechanism <sec-emmc-boot>` would)
but will leave that to the bootloader.
RAUC simply maintains the boot state, which the bootloader then uses
to activate the correct boot partition on the eMMC,  perform a reset,
and start the OS with its matching bootloader.

> This reduces the effort required to maintain bootloader and OS consistency.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This can reduce the effort required to maintain bootloader and OS compatibility,
as each OS version is only started by a specific bootloader version.
On the other hand, protecting against bootloader downgrades becomes more complex.
```

When migrating to this mechanism, the currently used eMMC boot partition and system slot
may not yet match those which are linked.
This case is handled by RAUC in order to avoid inconsistent results and unbootable systems.
During the update process, RAUC compares the bootloader update target with
the currently activated bootloader.
If the bootloader currently active is also the one intended for the bootloader target slot,
it will be copied to the slot that is inactive, which is then activated by RAUC.

> The update procedure will then continue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the currently active bootloader partition is the intended update target slot,
it's contents will first be copied to the inactive slot, which is then activated by RAUC.
The update procedure will then continue as normal.
```
